# bluebird aviary

## tl;dr I made a chrome extension which manipulates the DOM to only display replies and mentions from accounts you follow 

Once upon a time, Twitter was a magical place where you could go and hang out with your friends, and then people who liked the same things as you would talk to you and you'd discuss news, the latest tech, or just shoot the breeze. There weren't that many people on the platform yet, and there were rules, goshdarnit, and people respected eachother. Fast forward to 2017; Twitter's entire valuation is built on inflated account numbers from bots, whether those are ad bots, porn bots, or the Russian bots that are making America great again. Not to mention, 4chan managed to hit critical mass and did something to the water supply, because now there more adolescent boys wandering the internet looking for jimmies to rustle than ever, not to mention the legions of middle aged men who straight up have nothing better to do with their lives than intimidate, harass, and straight up say dumb shit. 

It's been sad to watch Twitter turn into the cesspit that it is today, but there is something we can do about it. I come from an infosec background, and one thing I have learned the hard way is that blacklisting is a loser's game. I'm blue team all the way, and if I can whitelist my network, nothing is getting in that I don't want to. So instead of pulling an @jack and ignoring the problem/providing a dumb solution that nobody wanted, I made a Chrome Extension that whitelists your Twitter feed based off of who you follow. No more reply hell under your posts, no more piles of stupid comments to make you humanity. 

### Just you, the people you follow, and what makes Twitter one of the greatest platforms for communication that has ever been developed. 
